{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Cambria;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f4\fnil Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red54\green95\blue145;\red0\green0\blue0;\red39\green50\blue57;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s1\sb480\sl276\slmult1\expndtw5\b\scaps\f0\fs32 1.What are the benefits of using CSS?\cf1\highlight2\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\qj\cf0\highlight0\expndtw0\scaps0\f1\fs22  \b0\i\f2\fs24 Better User Experience. CSS not only makes web pages easy on the eye, it also allow      user-friendly formatting. To make a global change, simply change the style, and all elementsin all the web pages will be updated automatically.\cf3\highlight4\i0\f3\fs28  \cf0\highlight0\i\f2\fs24 Every website has content and has a   predefined structure or layout. This layout is used to present the content. This is the main\~purpose of CSS ; it separates the document structure from the presentation of the document. HTML is all about structure and nothing else as most of us are aware of this basic definition of HTML. With CSS a user can make quick changes if needed but this is not an\~easy take with HTML.\par
\fs22\par
\b\i0\fs32 2. What are the disadvantages of CSS?\par
\b0\i\fs24 Quick sort is undoubtedly a fast and efficient sorting algorithm, but when it comes to stability, you might want to reconsider your options. This sorting algorithm is regarded unstable as it does not retain the original order of the key-value pair.The programming language world is indeed complicated for non-developers and beginners. Moreover, different levels of CSS f.e. CSS; CSS 2; CSS 3 can be pretty confusing for most of the users.\par
\fs22\par
\b\i0\fs32 3.What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3?\par
\b0\i\fs24 Unlike CSS2, which was comprised of a single document, CSS3 has its specifications divided into many individual modules, which makes CSS3 a whole lot easier to handle.\par
With CSS3, the designers can now use special fonts, like those available in Google Fonts and Typecast. Earlier, with CSS and CSS2, designers could only use \ldblquote web-safe fonts\rdblquote  for being 100% sure to use fonts that would always display the same on every machine.\par
While CSS and CSS2 had \lquote simple selectors\rquote , CSS3 calls the components as \lquote a sequence of simple selectors\rquote .\par
CSS3 came up with some key web design considerations like rounded borders that help in rounding up the borders without any hassle. This turned out to be a huge plus point for developers who were struggling with initial versions of CSS borders.\par
\fs22\par
\b\i0\fs32 4.Name a few CSS style components.\par
\b0\i\fs24 Properties: These are human-readable identifiers that indicate which stylistic features you want to modify. For example, font-size , width , background-color .\par
Values: Each property is assigned a value. This value indicates how to style the property.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\f0\lang9 Selecter:HTML element name, id name, class name.\par
Property:It's like an attribute such as background color,font-size,position,text-align,color,border etc.\par
Values:which defines property or values allocate for properties.\par
\fs22\par
\b\i0\fs32 5. What do you understand by CSS opacity?\par
\b0\i\fs24 The opacity CSS property sets the opacity of an element. Opacity is the degree to which content behind an element is hidden, and is the opposite of transparency\b .\b0 opacity applies to the element as a whole, including its contents, even though the value is not inherited by child elements. Thus, the element and its children all have the same opacity relative to the element's background, even if they have different opacities relative to one another.\fs22\par
\par
\b\i0\fs32 6.How can the background color of an element be changed? \par
\b0\i\fs24 Using RGB values e.g. rgb(250,0,0), rgb(0,250,0), etc.\par
Using a Hexadecimal(HEX) value e.g. #FFFFFF, #000000, etc.\par
Using a valid color name e.g. \ldblquote white\rdblquote , \ldblquote red\rdblquote , \ldblquote black\rdblquote , \ldblquote blue\rdblquote , etc.\par
\fs22\par
\b\i0\fs32 7. How can image repetition of the backup be controlled?\par
\b0\i\fs24 The background-repeat property in CSS is used to repeat the background image both horizontally and vertically. It also decides whether the background image will be repeated or not.\fs22\par
\par
\b\i0\fs32 8. What is the use of the background-position property? \par
\b0\i\fs24 One of the keyword values top, left, bottom, right. This specifies an edge against which to place the item. The other dimension is then set to 50%, so the item is placed in the middle of the edge specified.\par
A <length> or <percentage>. This specifies the X coordinate relative to the left edge, with the Y coordinate set to 50%.\par
A <length> or <percentage>. If the other value is left or right, then this value defines Y, relative to the top edge. If the other value is top or bottom, then this value defines X, relative to the left edge. If both values are <length> or <percentage> values, then the first defines X and the second Y.\par
\fs22\par
\b\i0\fs32 9.Which property controls the image scroll in the background? \par
\b0\i\fs24 The background-attachment property in CSS is used to specify the kind of attachment of the background image with respect to its container. It can be set to scroll or make it remain fixed. It can be applied to all HTML elements.The background image will scroll with the page. This is default\par
fixed\tab The background image will not scroll with the page\par
local\tab The background image will scroll with the element's contents\par
initial\tab Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial\par
inherit\tab Inherits this property from its parent element.\par
\fs22\par
\b\i0\fs32 10.Why should background and color be used as separate properties?\par
\b0\i\fs24 There are two reasons behind this: It enhances the legibility of style sheets. The background property is a complex property in CSS, and if it is combined with color, the complexity will further increase.\fs22\par
\par
\b\i0\fs32 11.How to center block elements using CSS1?\par
\b0\i\fs24 Define the external width \f4\endash  We need to define the external width. Block-level elements have the default width of 100% of the webpage, so for centering the block element, we need space around it. So for generating the space, we are giving it a width.\par
Set the left-margin and the right-margin of the element to auto \endash  Since we produced a remaining space by providing external width so now we need to align that space properly that\rquote s why we should use margin property. Margin is a property that tells how to align a remaining space. So for centering the element you must set left-margin to auto and right-margin to auto.\par
\fs22\par
\b\i0\f0\fs32\lang16393 12.\f4  How to maintain the CSS specifications? \fs24\par
\b0\i The Specification defines how CSS properties should be implemented by browser vendors along with detailed algorithms, code samples and tabular information.\par
The Specification also include:\par
The syntax and data types of the language\par
Detailed explanation on CSS Selectors\par
How you can assign values to properties\par
The Cascade (the "C" in CSS)\par
How inheritance works\par
The Box Model e.t.c\par
The Specification also specify how stylesheets can be included in your web document and how to target specific media e.g print or screen.\par
The CSS Specification prior to CSS3 was a single Specification, CSS3 on the other hand is divided into Modules which are Independent Specifications that can be worked on by different author(s) at different paces, that's why we have Selector Level 3 Specification, CSS Color 4, CSS Backgrounds and so on. Some of these modules are revisions of CSS2.1, and some are newly created, but all fall under the banner of CSS3.\par
\fs22\par
\b\i0\f0\fs32 13.What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page?\par
\b0\i\fs24 1).Inline - by using the style attribute inside HTML elements.\par
2).Internal - by using a <style> element in the <head> section.\par
3).External - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file.\par
\par
\b\i0\fs28 14.What is embedded style sheets? \par
\b0\i\fs24 It allows you to define styles for a particular HTML document as a whole in one place. This is done by embedding the <style></style> tags containing the CSS properties in the head of your document. \par
Embedded style sheets are particularly useful for HTML documents that have unique style requirements from the rest of the documents in your project. However, if the styles need to be applied across multiple documents, you should link to an external style sheet instead of using individual embedded style sheets. Using embedded stylesheets holds a distinct advantage over inline styles which only allow you to address one HTML element at a time. \par
\b\fs32\par
\i0 15.What are the external style sheets? \par
\b0\i\fs24 An external style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage. Multiple webpages can use the same link to access the stylesheet.\par
The link to an external style sheet is placed within the head section of the page.It uses the <link> tag on every pages and the <link> tag should be put inside the head section\par
\par
\b\i0\fs32 16.What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets?\par
\b0\i\fs24 The advantages of External Style Sheets are:\par
- Using them, the styles of multiple documents can be controlled from one file.\par
- Classes can be created for use on multiple HTML element types in many documents.\par
- In complex situations, selector and grouping methods can be used to apply styles.\par
The disadvantages of External Style Sheets are:\par
- In order to import style information for each document, an extra download is needed.\par
- Until the external style sheet is loaded, it may not be possible to render the document.\par
- For small number of style definitions, it is not viable.\par
\par
\b\i0\fs32 17.What is the meaning of the CSS selector? \par
\b0\i\fs24 It is a pattern of elements and other terms that tell the browser which HTML elements should be selected to have the CSS property values inside the rule applied to them. The element or elements which are selected by the selector are referred to as the subject of the selector.\par
\par
\b\i0\fs32 18. What are the media types allowed by CSS? \par
\b0\i\fs24 continuous or paged.\par
visual, audio, speech, or tactile.\par
grid (for character grid devices), or bitmap.\par
interactive (for devices that allow user interaction), or static (for those that do not).\par
all (includes all media types)\par
\par
\b\i0\fs32 19.What is the rule set? \par
\b0\i\fs24 A rule set is a grouping of code analysis rules that identify targeted issues and specific conditions for that project. For example, you can apply a rule set that's designed to scan code for publicly available APIs.\par
\par
\b\i0\fs32 20.Create Layouts\par
\b0\i\fs24 A website is often divided into headers, menus, content and a footer:\par
HeaderNavigation Menu\par
ContentMain ContentContentFooter\par
There are tons of different layout designs to choose from. However, the structure above, is one of the most common, and we will take a closer look at it in this tutorial.\par
Header\par
A header is usually located at the top of the website (or right below a top navigation menu). It often contains a logo or the website name:\lang9\par
}
 